SERV-643 Merge phonehome pages (#197)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Technical Documentation/Payara Server Documentation/Server Configuration And Management/Configuration Options/Phone Home/PhoneHome.adoc

[[phone-home]]

> = PhoneHome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Phone Home
```

All versions of Payara return a limited amount of information about its
specific configuration. No sensitive data about your machine or specific usage
of Payara Server is sent to 0s or any member of the Payara Services team.

Gathered phone home data is sent via a `GET` request to http://www.payara.fish/phonehome

The following is the list of information attributes gathered by the Phone

> Home service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home service:
```

[cols=",",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Attribute |Example

> |Payara Server Version |5.2021.5 #badassfish

Reviewer: This can reference the current version, such as:
```suggestion
|Payara Server Version |{currentVersion} #badassfish
```

running applications, or indeed anything on your machine other than the
mentioned attributes.

== Disabling and Enabling PhoneHome

The phone home service is enabled by default when starting a Payara
Server or Payara Micro. The phone home

> service can easily disabled in four different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service can be easily disabled in the following ways.
```

[[enable-phone-home]]
== Enable the Phone Home service

====
asadmin> enable-phone-home
====

[[disable-phone-home]]
== Disable the Phone Home service

[[disable-with-asadmin]]
=== Using Asadmin

> Run this asadmin command then restart the server to disable PhoneHome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this asadmin command and then restart the server to disable PhoneHome
```

====
asadmin> disable-phone-home
====

> [[disable-with-domainxml]]
> === Disabling in the _domain.xml_ File
> 
> - Open `domain.xml` with a text editor
> - Find the tag `<config name="server-config">
> - Within that tag, add the following tag:
> - <phone-home-runtime-configuration enabled="false"/>

Reviewer: We discourage from manually editing the domain.xml file, so I'd remove this section.
```suggestion
```

Author: I was tempted to exclude this myself when I saw it

[[removing-the-service-module]]
=== Disable by Removing The Service Module

- Navigate to the `${PAYARA_INSTALL_DIR}/glassfish/modules` directory
- Delete the `phonehome-bootstrap.jar` module.

[[list-phone-home]]
== List the current status of the Phone Home service.

====
asadmin> list-phone-home
====

[[source-code]]

> === Source Code

Reviewer: The link to the source code can be moved to the See Also section and this section can be deleted.
